README.md, before:

# LCWM

Learn C With Me

## What is this

A repo where I will put source code from my C exercises.
Most comments / explanations are in french.
I'll probably translate everything later.

## Lessons

### Lesson 1

- **hello** : including libraries and calling functions
- **variable** : declaring variables
- **args** : how to ask the user for an input

### Lesson 2

- **calc** : how to do quick maths
- **io_calc** : same as above but with user input
- **short_calc** : how to to quicker maths
- **math** : using the math library to do even quicker maths

### Lesson 3

- **bool** : declaring booleans (since they aren't implemented by default)
- **if** : running code when a condition has been respected
- **switch** : an if equivalent

### Lesson 4

- **while** & **do_while** : basic loops
- **for** : basic loop where we know how many time we want the code to be executed

### Lesson 5

- How to organize our C programs (one file)

## Exercises

- **plusOrMinus** : using what have been learned from lessons 1 to 4.

## Tools

- text-editor : [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
- compiler : [brapifra.c-compiler](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=brapifra.c-compiler) - VSC extension.

## Alternative

- text-editor : [vim](https://www.vim.org/) (++) / [emacs](https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/) / [nano](https://www.nano-editor.org/)
- compiler : [gcc](https://gcc.gnu.org/)

## Courses & tutorials used

- [CalebTheVideoMaker's youtube tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_c9BZzLwBRKKqOc9TJz1pP0ASrxLMtp2)
- [Open Classroom - french course](https://openclassrooms.com/courses/apprenez-a-programmer-en-c-)
- [Interactive tutorial](http://www.learn-c.org/)

## How to contribute

You want to help me get better at C? Here's how you can help :

- Fork this repo and create a new branch
- Create a new "exercise" folder
- Add a C file with either : a comment asking me to write a program or a non-working program for me to fix
- Once I'm done, you'll be able to correct the exercise and/or explain how you would have done it.

Commit message:

renamed files for lesson 6 & 7 and updated readme

README.md, after:

# LCWM

Learn C With Me

## What is this

A repo where I will put source code from my C exercises.
Most comments / explanations are in french.
I'll probably translate everything later.

## Lessons

### Lesson 1

- **hello** : including libraries and calling functions
- **variable** : declaring variables
- **args** : how to ask the user for an input

### Lesson 2

- **calc** : how to do quick maths
- **io_calc** : same as above but with user input
- **short_calc** : how to to quicker maths
- **math** : using the math library to do even quicker maths

### Lesson 3

- **bool** : declaring booleans (since they aren't implemented by default)
- **if** : running code when a condition has been respected
- **switch** : an if equivalent

### Lesson 4

- **while** & **do_while** : basic loops
- **for** : basic loop where we know how many time we want the code to be executed

### Lesson 5

- How to organize our C programs (one file)

### Lesson 6

- **betterPrint** : How to configure printf()

### Lesson 7

- **dataTypes** : Lesson on the difference between primitive and complex data types.

## Exercises

- **plusOrMinus** : using what have been learned from lessons 1 to 4.

## Tools

- text-editor : [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
- compiler : [brapifra.c-compiler](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=brapifra.c-compiler) - VSC extension.

## Alternative

- text-editor : [vim](https://www.vim.org/) (++) / [emacs](https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/) / [nano](https://www.nano-editor.org/)
- compiler : [gcc](https://gcc.gnu.org/)

## Courses & tutorials used

- [CalebTheVideoMaker's youtube tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_c9BZzLwBRKKqOc9TJz1pP0ASrxLMtp2)
- [Open Classroom - french course](https://openclassrooms.com/courses/apprenez-a-programmer-en-c-)
- [Interactive tutorial](http://www.learn-c.org/)

## How to contribute

You want to help me get better at C? Here's how you can help :

- Fork this repo and create a new branch
- Create a new "exercise" folder
- Add a C file with either : a comment asking me to write a program or a non-working program for me to fix
- Once I'm done, you'll be able to correct the exercise and/or explain how you would have done it.
